libet-intentional-binding: Adding choices of available keys (#16)
jspsych/jspsych-contrib: packages/plugin-libet-intentional-binding/docs/jspsych-libet-intentional-binding.md

| ------------------------ | ---------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| cond                     | string           | `'baseline-key'`       | Specifies the condition ("baseline-key", "baseline-tone", "operant-key", or "operant-tone"). |
| tone_file                | audio            | undefined            | The audio file to be played, if applicable. |

> | tone_file                | keys            | `"ALL_KEYS"`            | The keys a participant can press, if applicable. |

Author: ```suggestion
| choices                  | keys            | `"ALL_KEYS"`            | The keys a participant can press, if applicable. |
```
